Terraform Migration (#290)
upbound/docs: content/providers/provider-terraform/migrate-hcl.md

instead:

```yaml
apiVersion: ec2.aws.crossplane.io/v1alpha1
kind: Instance
metadata:
  name: crossplane-vm
spec:
  forProvider:
    region: us-west-2
    imageId: ami-065deacbcaac64cf2
    instanceType: t2.micro
  providerConfigRef:
    name: awsconfig
```

This CRD example uses the same fields as the Terraform configuration, with key differences.
First, the `apiVersion` field references the API group for the AWS Crossplane
provider. This provider focuses explicitly on the EC2 service of AWS.

<!-- vale gitlab.FutureTense = NO -->

The `kind` field identifies the schema type for the configuration. In this case,
you'll use the Instance kind.

<!-- vale gitlab.FutureTense = YES -->

The `metadata` is a required field that contains information about the resource,
like the name or other identifying values.

The `spec` field defines the parameters of the instance.

<!-- vale Google.Will = NO -->

<!-- vale gitlab.FutureTense = NO -->

The `forProvider` sub-field defines the information you need for the instance
configuration. Instead of relying on the Terraform configuration to define how
you want to configure the instance, you'll use the Kubernetes manifest
configuration language.

> ## Create a resource definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Crossplane custom resource definition
```

Should the headline be about the Crossplane object being created?

            subnetIdSelector:
              matchControllerRef: true
            keyPairName:
              matchControllerRef: true
      patches:
        - type: FromCompositeFieldPath
          fromFieldPath: spec.parameters.region
          toFieldPath: spec.forProvider.region
        - type: FromCompositeFieldPath
          fromFieldPath: spec.parameters.amiId
          toFieldPath: spec.forProvider.ami
        - type: FromCompositeFieldPath
          fromFieldPath: spec.parameters.keyPairName
          toFieldPath: spec.forProvider.keyName

    - name: ip-test-env
      base:
        apiVersion: ec2.aws.upbound.io/v1beta1
        kind: EIP
        metadata:
          labels:
            testing.upbound.io/example-name: lb
          name: lb
        spec:
          forProvider:
            instanceSelector:
              matchControllerRef: true
      patches:
        - type: FromCompositeFieldPath
          fromFieldPath: spec.parameters.region
          toFieldPath: spec.forProvider.region
```

{{< /expand >}}

Your Composition sets the explicit values you want to deploy based on the
definition file you created in the preceding step.

## Create a claim

> Now that you have a definition and a composition, you can create a claim to. The
> claim is a set of resources to deploy within a single namespace. Creating claims
> is comparable to different Terraform workspaces in that resources within one
> namespace don't impact resources within another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a custom resource definition and a composition, you can create a claim and provision the resources. 
A claim deploys a set of resources within a namespace. Creating claims
is comparable to different Terraform workspaces. Resources in one
namespace don't impact resources in another namespace.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: aws.example.corp/v1alpha1
kind: Instance
metadata:
  name: example
  namespace: default
spec:
  parameters:
    region: us-east-1
    amiId: ami-0005e0cfe09cc9050
    keyPairName: test-keypair
    publicKey: |
      ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1...
```

> Copy and paste the contents of your public key (typically `~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`)
> into the `publicKey` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< hint "note" >}}
Copy and paste the contents of your public key (typically `~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`)
into the `publicKey` field.
{{< /hint >}}
```
wrapping in a note box

## Authenticate with your cloud provider

The Crossplane AWS provider configuration handles authentication. You must
create a Kubernetes secret file to authenticate with your AWS account.

> Crossplane supports AWS authentication with:
> Authentication Keys
> Web Identity
> Service Accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider supports AWS authentication with:
* [Authentication Keys]({{<ref "providers/provider-aws/authentication#aws-authentication-keysAuthentication">}})
* [Web Identity]({{<ref "providers/provider-aws/authentication#webidentity">}})
* [Service Accounts]({{<ref "providers/provider-aws/authentication#iam-roles-for-service-accounts">}})
```

> For more information on cloud provider authentication, checkout the Provider
> Azure and Provider GCP authentication documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< hint "note" >}}
For more information on cloud provider authentication, read the 
[Provider Azure]({{<ref "providers/provider-azure/authentication">}}) or [Provider GCP]({{<ref "providers/provider-gcp/authentication">}}) authentication documentation.
{{< /hint >}}
```

Create a new Kubernetes secret.

```shell
kubectl -n upbound-system create secret generic aws-creds --from-file=credentials=aws-credentials
```

Verify your secret with `kubectl describe secret`.

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell {copy-lines="1"}
```

kubectl describe secret aws-creds -n upbound-system

Name:         aws-creds
Namespace:    upbound-system
Labels:       <none>
Annotations:  <none>

Type:  Opaque

Data
====
creds:  114 bytes
```

## Install the provider

```yaml
apiVersion: aws.crossplane.io/v1beta1
kind: ProviderConfig
metadata:
  name: aws-provider-ec2
spec:
  credentials:
    source: Secret
    secretRef:
      namespace: upbound-system
      name: aws-creds
      key: credentials
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f aws-provider-config.yaml
```

## Deploy your claim

Next, apply your Crossplane Composition.

```shell
kubectl apply -f claim.yaml
```

> ## Verify your deployment

Reviewer: You should add the `kubectl get claim...` output to show when it's ready instead of just waiting forever for SSH

You can verify your deployment by connecting to your instance with the key pair you created.

```shell
ssh ubuntu@<> -i <path_to_key>
```

Update the IP address and key path with your instance public IP and the path to
your local private key file (typically `~/.ssh/id_rsa`).

## Recommended practices

When you move from Terraform to Crossplane, the `provider-terraform` approach eases the transition. When you get more comfortable with Crossplane, the

> native Kubernetes spec configuration enables you to remove your original HCL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
native cloud provider configuration enables you to remove your original HCL
```

resource definitions.

> Upbound's Marketplace can help you recreate your Terraform configurations with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Upbound Marketplace](https://marketplace.upbound.io) can help you recreate your Terraform configurations with
```

Crossplane providers. In the EC2 example, the Marketplace has a dedicated

> section for all the managed resources of the EC2 API group. The original

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section for all the managed resources of the [EC2 API group](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/upbound/provider-aws-ec2/. The original
```

Terraform resource requires two attributes to be valid, `ami` and `instance_type`.

The Upbound Marketplace represents these attributes in the API schema.
The `ami` and `instance_type` keys are properties within the `forProvider` object. The attributes
required by Terraform are the same values required by Crossplane.

## Next steps

You just created an EC2 instance with an SSH key with Crossplane. You created a
Composite Resource Definition and a Composition from your original Terraform
configuration.

For more information on Upbound, Crossplane, and control planes, review the

> Crossplane Architecture Framework for best practices when building your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Crossplane Architecture Framework]({{<ref "/xp-arch-framework">}}) for best practices when building your infrastructure.
```

    plural: xinstances
  claimNames:
    kind: Instance
    plural: instances
  versions:
    - name: v1alpha1
      served: true
      referenceable: true
      schema:
        openAPIV3Schema:
          type: object
          properties:
            spec:
              type: object
              properties:
                parameters:
                  type: object
                  description: Instance configuration parameters.
                  properties:
                    publicKey:
                      type: string
                    region:
                      type: string
                  required:
                    - region
                    - publicKey
              required:
                - parameters
```

## Create a claim

Now that you have a custom resource definition and a composition, you can create a claim and provision the resources.

A claim deploys a set of resources within a namespace. Creating claims
is comparable to different Terraform workspaces. Resources in one
namespace don't impact resources in another namespace.

```yaml
apiVersion: aws.example.corp/v1alpha1
kind: Instance
metadata:
  name: example
  namespace: default
spec:

>   parameters:
>     region: us-east-1
>     keyPairName: test-keypair
>     publicKey: |
>       ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  parameters:
    region: us-east-1
    publicKey: |
      ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1...
```

The change in the XRD doesn't require the name anymore.
